RemoteOverlay (aka. Baby Monitor) 
Copyright (C) 2011 David Roper
-------------------------------------

RemoteOverly is a client/server application that allows the client to
remotely signal the server to display a message on-top of whatever is
currently being displayed.

This project was born out of a need by my local church.  They needed a
way to allow nursary workers to easily call parents in the congregation
in the event that their child need them.  (This is why the appliction
has been configured to create an installer called BabyMonitor and has a
"baby" icon.) Previously, this was done using spcial hardware that
allowed the nursary works to remotely display a 3 digit number on a LED
lit 7-segment display.  This proved to be problematic as it was
difficult to find a place to mount the display such that everyone could
easily see it.  When this specialalized hardware broke it was agreeed
that a better solution would be to display the 3 digit number on big
projection screen that we were already using to display song lyrics,
videos and other multi-media content.  To achieve this goal this
software was written allowing the nursary workers, running the client
software on a laptop, to remotely cause the 3 digit number to be
displayed on multi-media computer, running the server software.

This program was written in C# using Visual Studio 2010 as we use all
Windows based computers at my church and I had not done much .NET
programing in the past and wanted to use this as a learning exercise.
